#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile --output-file=requirements.frozen.txt --strip-extras requirements.txt
#
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.8.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   jupyter-server
appnope==0.1.4
    # via ipykernel
argon2-cffi==23.1.0
    # via jupyter-server
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
arrow==1.3.0
    # via isoduration
asttokens==3.0.0
    # via stack-data
async-lru==2.0.4
    # via jupyterlab
attrs==25.1.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
babel==2.17.0
    # via jupyterlab-server
beancount==3.1.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
beautifulsoup4==4.13.3
    # via nbconvert
bleach==6.2.0
    # via nbconvert
certifi==2025.1.31
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via argon2-cffi-bindings
charset-normalizer==3.4.1
    # via requests
click==8.1.8
    # via beancount
comm==0.2.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
croniter==1.4.1
    # via jupyter-scheduler
debugpy==1.8.13
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.2.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
diskcache==5.6.3
    # via guidance
dropbox==12.0.2
    # via -r requirements.txt
eval-type-backport==0.2.2
    # via mistralai
executing==2.2.0
    # via stack-data
fastjsonschema==2.21.1
    # via nbformat
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via jsonschema
fsspec==2024.10.0
    # via jupyter-scheduler
guidance==0.2.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
guidance-stitch==0.1.4
    # via guidance
h11==0.14.0
    # via httpcore
hatch-nodejs-version==0.3.2
    # via -r requirements.txt
hatchling==1.27.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   hatch-nodejs-version
httpcore==1.0.7
    # via httpx
httpx==0.28.1
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   mistralai
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
ipykernel==6.29.5
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyterlab
ipython==9.0.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-console
ipython-pygments-lexers==1.1.1
    # via ipython
ipywidgets==8.1.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   guidance-stitch
    #   jupyter
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via jsonschema
jedi==0.19.2
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
json5==0.10.0
    # via jupyterlab-server
jsonpath-python==1.0.6
    # via mistralai
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonschema
jsonschema==4.23.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
jsonschema-specifications==2024.10.1
    # via jsonschema
jupyter==1.1.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
jupyter-client==8.6.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
jupyter-console==6.6.3
    # via jupyter
jupyter-core==5.7.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
jupyter-events==0.12.0
    # via jupyter-server
jupyter-lsp==2.2.5
    # via jupyterlab
jupyter-scheduler==2.10.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
jupyter-server==2.15.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-lsp
    #   jupyter-scheduler
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   notebook
    #   notebook-shim
jupyter-server-terminals==0.5.3
    # via jupyter-server
jupyterlab==4.3.5
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   notebook
jupyterlab-pygments==0.3.0
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.27.3
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
jupyterlab-widgets==3.0.13
    # via ipywidgets
llguidance==0.5.1
    # via guidance
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
matplotlib-inline==0.1.7
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mistralai==1.5.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
mistune==3.1.2
    # via nbconvert
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via typing-inspect
nbclient==0.10.2
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.16.6
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-scheduler
    #   jupyter-server
nbformat==5.10.4
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
nest-asyncio==1.6.0
    # via ipykernel
notebook==7.3.2
    # via jupyter
notebook-shim==0.2.4
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
numpy==2.2.3
    # via guidance
ordered-set==4.1.0
    # via guidance
overrides==7.7.0
    # via jupyter-server
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   hatchling
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
pandocfilters==1.5.1
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.4
    # via jedi
pathspec==0.12.1
    # via hatchling
pexpect==4.9.0
    # via ipython
platformdirs==4.3.6
    # via
    #   guidance
    #   jupyter-core
pluggy==1.5.0
    # via hatchling
ply==3.11
    # via stone
prometheus-client==0.21.1
    # via jupyter-server
prompt-toolkit==3.0.50
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
psutil==5.9.8
    # via
    #   guidance
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-scheduler
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pure-eval==0.2.3
    # via stack-data
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pydantic==2.10.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   guidance
    #   jupyter-scheduler
    #   mistralai
pydantic-core==2.27.2
    # via pydantic
pygments==2.19.1
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   ipython-pygments-lexers
    #   jupyter-console
    #   nbconvert
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   arrow
    #   beancount
    #   croniter
    #   jupyter-client
    #   mistralai
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
python-json-logger==3.3.0
    # via jupyter-events
pytz==2024.2
    # via jupyter-scheduler
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via jupyter-events
pyzmq==26.2.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
referencing==0.36.2
    # via
    #   guidance
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
    #   jupyter-events
regex==2024.11.6
    # via
    #   beancount
    #   tiktoken
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   dropbox
    #   guidance
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   tiktoken
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rpds-py==0.23.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
send2trash==1.8.3
    # via jupyter-server
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   dropbox
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
    #   stone
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via anyio
soupsieve==2.6
    # via beautifulsoup4
sqlalchemy==2.0.38
    # via jupyter-scheduler
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via ipython
stone==3.3.1
    # via dropbox
terminado==0.18.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
tiktoken==0.9.0
    # via guidance
tinycss2==1.4.0
    # via bleach
tornado==6.4.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
traitlets==5.14.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-scheduler
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
trove-classifiers==2025.3.3.18
    # via hatchling
types-python-dateutil==2.9.0.20241206
    # via arrow
types-requests==2.31.0.6
    # via -r requirements.txt
types-urllib3==1.26.25.14
    # via types-requests
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   beautifulsoup4
    #   ipython
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   referencing
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   typing-inspect
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via mistralai
uri-template==1.3.0
    # via jsonschema
urllib3==1.26.20
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prompt-toolkit
webcolors==24.11.1
    # via jsonschema
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.8.0
    # via jupyter-server
widgetsnbextension==4.0.13
    # via ipywidgets

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
